if you're anything like me you are
absolutely utterly exhausted at looking
at the random BS new feature that
somebody has put in to a Wi-Fi router to
sell to people on Amazon it looks like a
spider or it has RGB no this is a Wi-Fi
router that doesn't have it
just has things that you know a Wi-Fi
router should have and uh ginet
sponsored us to check this out this is
their Flint 2 and just just look at this
we've got Wi-Fi 6 we got fast Wi-Fi we
have two 2.5 gbit ports rather than you
know a lot of the ones you see online
where it's like oh it's got 2.5 g oh
yeah it's just the WAN so if you have a
2.5 gig connection and you want a hardw
computer too bad buy something else this
one they at least included two it's got
multi-wan support it runs open wrt just
an operating system that's open source
it just works and best of all VPN and
not just some layo VPN you can run a
wire guard server a a private VPN for
yourself so you can connect to your
devices at home anywhere in the world or
you know stream your internet connection
through your home connection securely at
900 megabit almost a gigabit off of a
$200 Wi-Fi router which is pretty
freaking sick I like these these are
like the convertible power bricks we can
kick it onto here does it come with the
other ones hey it does so you could
travel with
this look at
that oh cute I didn't actually realize
that this has redundant hardwired wian
which is super cool so we'll see in a
few minutes here but I imagine you can
probably use this as like a catch the
Wi-Fi and repeat it you can also use a
hardwired wi you could use two hardwire
WS you can probably connect cellular to
this thing there's a USB port to tether
your phone too and those two hardwired w
ports are both the 2.5 gig and you can
see right there you can switch it
between Lan and lamb like I mentioned
before so you could use this to pass a
faster than 1 gig internet connection to
a device or a switch or something like
that they've also got four more 1 gig
ethernet ports so you can use this uh
for most of your devices like a switch
12vt DC jack USB 3 port on the side oh
look it's got the little um Keyhole
Mount so you can mount this on the wall
or to something metal with the LT Cable
Management product we have a little
thing that goes in the keyhole stick it
in there tighten the thing that one on
magnetic you ready for this can we see
[Music]
it bam cable managed it's kind of
awesome you can have like your PC right
there and just like mount it to the back
of the PC or to the PC case magnets
Let's uh let's do some Wi-Fi stuff wow
look at all these see I was right
multi-wan we've got ethernet one
ethernet 2 repeater and tethering all
right let's connect it to the Wi-Fi too
why not right let's set up a multiwan
here why not oh right here repeater
options oh beautiful that's easy band
selection five apply connect oh you can
even lock it to a specific access point
if you have multiple access points or
set a static IP on this which is nice
we've now got the ethernet that's coming
into it and the office Wi-Fi going to
this and then it's beaming internet back
to me so if I were to go into this and
say yo dog it's failover right now load
balance use multiple interfaces to
increase the total bandwidth whoa let's
disconnect unplugged and we're still
vibing obviously the paint is going be a
lot worse on Wi-Fi but unconnected
disconnected see imagine you're on like
a cruise ship or something hey and there
we go bam now we have two internet
connections again and it's so easy like
that did not take any fancy hacker man
setup I just literally connected to the
Wi-Fi network but that's only two how
about three connections H East two iOS
boom three connections now all right
let's unplug that boom we're not going
through the cellular on my phone over
USB aside from that it can do all of the
other normal things that routers do you
can play around with your IPS either in
a advanced or easy way you can set up a
firewall you can open ports you can have
a guest Network you can do DNS over htps
or TLS you can change the network but
yeah you can actually run this thing
just as an access point if you already
have a router you can totally do that
there's IPv6 support you can change the
Mac addresses you can do pretty much
anything you could do with any other
router plus they have the cool VPN stuff
and not just you can run a VPN server on
these which like I said before is a
really strong suit so say you're from
the states and you have like bomb
Netflix but you're you happen to be
overseas somewhere and they have crap
Netflix well connect to your home home
network and watch whatever Netflix you
would watch like you were at home you
can also connect to zero tier or tail
scale natively which is super nice tail
scale and zero tier if you're not
familiar are peer-to-peer VPN solutions
that are really awesome but let's try
the wire guard server generate config
start okay well that was easy profiles
add a profile we'll call this Jake's
laptop ah it even it prompts you to use
Dynamic DNS cuz if your IP address were
to change EX internally uh you wouldn't
be able to access this router right but
it will let's say enable Dynamic DNS and
it gives us okay sick you don't even
have to like set up a service they just
have their own Dynamic DNS service
that's awesome it's been set up I have
wire guard running on my laptop I've got
my laptop connected to our 10 GB
internet and this router is connected to
a separate 1 gig connection that we have
for testing things out let's see how
fast the wire guard connection is oh
let's go 800 180 look at that boys and
girls wow magic naturally if you were to
use openvpn it would be a lot slower
since openvpn is single threaded but
wire guard freaking rips and the reason
it can do that is due to the hardware
acceleration on here it is a quad core
mediatech chip so it's nothing like the
super insane it's it's only a $200
router but the hardware acceleration is
what makes this able to go so fast they
even have ad blocking on here not that I
would recommend that because that does
pay for me to feed my children my my
child as a cat but still they got DNS
over hgps they got aduard home they got
wpa3 support for security they also have
built in parental controls with bark
that does require a subscription to use
that other than that man it just it just
Wi-Fi it Wi-Fi is good it routes good it
does a VPN good it's not that expensive
um you could also if you're like a
traveler big travel person you could
host your own VPN on this thing and then
get one of their cute little travel
routers like the Slate ax or the barrel
ax um and then you can run these as a
VPN client you know what screw it let me
show you how that works the provider
is the Flint 2 router boom apply we now
have our little baby slate ax travel
router running is a VPN client for the
VPN server that's running on the Flint 2
let's see how fast that goes damn look
at that okay that's pretty ridiculous
this is literally faster I don't know
how but it's faster little guy can run
wire guard client at at gig down 500 up
that's pretty good I mean you're
probably not going to find a 1 gig
connection while you're traveling but if
you did it can handle it it's so little
look how cute it is last but not least
let's try the Wi-Fi set to 160 y this is
still Wi-Fi 6 not Wi-Fi 6 so we
shouldn't expect like above gigabit
speeds per se but we should still be
able to get some pretty fast Wi-Fi out
of this thing this is a relatively
congested environment so I wouldn't
expect anything like much crazier than
this yeah it's about 600 both ways
overall pretty stout little router I
mean it can do really fast VPN it can do
real fast Wi-Fi it has two 2.5 gig ports
and for $189 I mean if I had to pick
this or a gaming router I think the
choice is pretty obvious again thanks to
glette for sponsoring the video uh if
you guys like what you saw here you can
check it out at the link down below
we'll also have their travel routers
linked down there those things are
pretty sick get subscribed like the
video and if you want more content why
don't you check out the video I did on
the barrel ax which is one of their
little travel routers that think it's
pretty sick